EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/customers/customers_api/customer_profile_data_components/customer_profile_data_components.md

## Components

The complete model of the customer profile data consists of the following components:

| Component   | Description| Location   |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |

> | Model | The customer profile data itself. This is the object which holds all user profile-related data such as first name, last name, customer number, contact number, addresses and so on. Instances of this model only have this data, so they act as a "data entity" within the system.| `EshopBundle/Model/CustomerProfileData`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Model | The customer profile data itself. This is the object that holds all user profile-related data such as first name, last name, customer number, contact number, addresses and so on. Instances of this model only have this data, so they act as a "data entity" within the system.| `EshopBundle/Model/CustomerProfileData`|
```

> | Services | Services to create profile (model) instances. They also provide a mapping service for the deprecated model to avoid compatibility problems of other components depending on the old model within the system. | `EshopBundle/Services/CustomerProfileData`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Services | Services to create profile (model) instances. They also provide a mapping service for the deprecated model to avoid compatibility problems of other components that depend on the old model within the system. | `EshopBundle/Services/CustomerProfileData`  |
```

| Events | Provides profile event definitions. Events are thrown in certain situations (e.g. before or after a customer profile is fetched).| `EshopBundle/Event/CustomerProfileData` |
| Event listener | Provides the implementations of actions which are triggered when an event is thrown. This way you can easily modify profile data (e.g. define a fallback for a case when a data source like the ERP is unavailable). | `EshopBundle/EventListener/CustomerProfileData` |

The customer profile data is strictly separated into the components described above.
An instance of a profile model or a listener will never fetch data itself,
instead the service is always used to enrich or modify profile data.

There is always a customer profile instance in the request as a "data entity".
One or more profile services retrieve (fetch) profile data entities.
All events that are thrown within the profile services are handled by listeners.

> These listeners perform actions on the profile data entities under explicit conditions using always the profile services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These listeners perform actions on the profile data entities under explicit conditions that always use the profile services.
```
